How To Make
Japanese Style Egg Mayo Sadwich
Subtitle
Put 3 eggs to a medium sauce pan
Add water till fully covered the eggs
Bring to boil
Once boiled, cooked the eggs for 12 minutes
Then, transfer the eggs to ice water
Once the eggs is cooled, peel the egg shells
transfer to another bowl
Prepare 4 slices of bread
Spread with butter
Mashed the eggs with fork
Add 1/4 teaspoon of sugar
Add 1/4 teaspoon of salt
Add some black pepper
Add 2 teaspoon of milk
Add 2 tablespoon of Japanese mayonaisse
Mixed well
(Taste and add more salt or black pepper if needed)
Spread the egg salad on the bread
Cover with the other slice of bread
Place between two plates
and set aside for 5 minutes
Cut off all sides of the bread
Cut the sandwich into half
Ending
Serve and Enjoy!